[TOC]

# Deep learning state of the art

Welcome to 2020 and welcome to the deep learning lecture series. Let's start it off today to take a quick whiriwind tour of all the exciting things, that happened in seventeen eighteen and nineteen especially, and the amazing things were going to see in this year in 2020, also as part of this series is going to be a few talks from some of the top people in learning in artificial intelligence. After today, of cource start at the broad, the celebrations from the Turing award to the limitations and the debates and the exciting growth first and first of cource the step back to the quote I've used before I love it I'll keep reusing it. AI began not with Alan Turing or MoCarthy, but with the ancient wish to forge the gods a quote from Pamela McCord Akande machines, who think that visualization there is just three percent of the neurions in our brain of the thalamocortical system that magical thing between our ears that allows us all to see and hear and think and reason and hope and deeam and fear our eventual mortality. All of that is the thing we wish to understand that's the dream of artificial intelligence and recreate versions of it, echoes of it in engineering of our intellignece systems. That's the dream we should never forget in the details. I'll talk the exciting stuff. I'll talk about today that's sort of the reason why this is exciting. This mystery that's our mind, the modern human brain. The modern human as we know them today, know and love them today, it's just about 300,000 years ago, and the industrial Revolution is about 300 years ago, that's point one percent of the development since the early moden human being is when we've seen a lot 